{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/10/13\
\
'Loudest' and 'softest' documentation\
\
I don't have access to much in the way of tools and did not come across any jackhammers in my wanderings around Brooklyn, so I decided to use my formidable pipes! I'm a big man and can scream pretty loudly.\
\
Prep work is important! In order to protect my voice, I drank a few cups of water, then ran through some vocal warmups. I've included a recording from the non-melodious part as well as a pic of me at the piano.\
\
I live with several roommates and the walls aren't great at insulating sound. They might be alarmed if they heard me scream at the top of my lungs, so I built a 'soundproof' chamber with some pillows on my bed. Just me and the iPhone in a little shouting cave.\
\
To get in the mood, I played some of the uber-frustrating (yet dangerously addictive) video game Super Hexagon (pic credit: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thenerdrageblog.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/ss_534dfe48501ce998f65340db88698fca6aef82c1-1920x1080.jpg"}}{\fldrslt http://thenerdrageblog.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/ss_534dfe48501ce998f65340db88698fca6aef82c1-1920x1080.jpg}}).\
\
Having lost at Super Hexagon about 12 times I descended into the shouting cave and let loose.\
\
Six glorious screaming seconds later, my throat was mildly raw despite all of my efforts. Since I couldn't produce more than light breathing anyway, it was the perfect opportunity to record the softest sound too. Listen very closely and you can hear me breathing out near the end of the clip.}