{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10680\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/10/13\
\
Organizing the images\
\
I had no particular method in mind when I took these pictures; I snapped up whatever struck me as interesting. In examining them I noticed that the pictures generally fall into one of two camps with respect to color composition and feeling - one group feels 'warm' while the other feels 'cold.'\
\
The 'warm' group leads with the building in the sun, followed by the doorway with the large key engraving, and finally the shelter sign. All three pictures use bright and warm colors - lots of red and yellow and so on. The first two feel friendly and by extension the third does too, which is a funny counterpoint to its more sombre associations.\
\
The 'cold' group includes lots of snow, obviously - perhaps the snow is a bit of a cheat, covering over what would emerge otherwise, but in any case the colors here are mostly muted, lots of blues and whites and such. The TV sitting abandoned on the curb is something of a tragic image. The car with its wipers poking out is funny - it strikes me like nothing so much as an auto erection, as it were.\
\
The train tracks don't really fit into either group. Both colors and emotional content feel neither warm nor cold to me. I left it a question mark.}