{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10680\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/10/13\
\
Notes on sight walk\
\
My initial rule was to turn left at the next intersection whenever I saw something circular, but I had to make some rapid revisions. First I realized I had to rule out wheels, and almost immediately decided to do the same with signage. Once I found my first building with circles etched into the facade as part of the pattern, I concluded it would make more sense to log SYSTEMS of circles - that is, unique uses of the circular shape, so I wouldn't be noting new instances of the same things I'd already seen over and over. Finally, I decided from my experience with the sound walk that it would be more interesting if the direction in which I shifted changed, so I decided I'd turn in whichever direction I saw the first new circular shape on a given block.\
\
All told I identified about 26 different uses of the circular shape. I forgot to note them at first and it's hard to be precise about this when circles are everywhere, but here's what I wrote down:\
\
architecture; windows; chains; air conditioning unit fans; words on a sign (it said "Park Circle," as I recall); pots; decorations; pail; barbed wire; masonry; trash can; light fixture; fire hydrant; wreath; stained glass; keyhole; balloon; meter; barrel; gas tank; hose; grating. There's one other I wrote down but I can't read my own handwriting. "Sat. dishes" or something. No idea.\
\
As with the sound walk, I didn't get very far beyond my house, despite my more exciting pathfinding rule. I suppose it was self-reinforcing that if I'm walking on the right I'm more likely to see circles on the right, and keep tracing rectangles.\
\
It was visually very challenging filtering for the circular shape, especially given the prohibitions against objects like wheels and signs. Quite an experiment.}