{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red221\green240\blue255;\red233\green223\blue255;\red254\green219\blue220;
\red224\green255\blue208;\red255\green255\blue216;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2/26/13\
\
I am going to follow some of my classmates' suggested rules for making images and audio, as written here:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://meetingwords.com/avsys-instructions"}}{\fldrslt http://meetingwords.com/avsys-instructions}}\
\
To get into the spirit of the enterprise, I'm going to pick 4 rules for images and 4 rules for sounds now, then spend no more than 5 minutes creating each and any necessary remaining time documenting the process and results. I.e., up to 40 minutes of making plus x minutes of documentation. This time frame should test the efficacy of the rules (which were requested to take no longer than 5-10 minutes to implement), allow me to try multiple processes in a short time frame, and focus the attention while seeing what interesting things can result. I will choose with some randomness plus critical analysis (these will be the first rule sets I see that I feel capable of executing currently and which sound like they'd making something interesting). I will provide pictures and audio recordings and will also note commentary on each rule after the listing (and after I have "used" the rule).\
\
Here are the 4 image rule sets:\
\
1-"
\f1\fs26 \cb2 Draw a random object and divide it up in as many triangles as you can (32 degree) [TT]
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
Commentary: I was looking at my guitar so I decided to dash off a guitar (although it ends up looking more like a banjo or an apple with a stick in it). It turns out 5 minutes is not that long, at least when it comes to trying to reduce even a relatively small drawing down to as great a number of triangles as possible; as you can see, I didn't get too far (see photo). This is an interesting case study of what it means to be a rule, as there's not much specificity provided. "A random object" could be anything (what would a computer make of that? As a side note, see the great book 10 Print and its notes about "randomness" in computing). I don't know what "32 degree" means so I ignored that part. There's no guidance given about what sort of triangle to draw either. I found myself making my own efficiency rules - e.g. I drew right triangles where space allowed because they are easiest to draw, and I got into a rhythm where I'd split a triangle to generate two smaller triangles, then drop a line from each of their hypotenuses to create yet more right triangles, and drop a line from those, and so on. Approaching the outside of the rounded body of the guitar was interesting because it resembles how a computer draws a circle - an ever increasingly large number of straight lines decreasing in individual sides, which approaches (but never reaches) the limit of curvature.\
\
2-"
\f1\fs26 \cb2 	\'95	(<IM>)\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1) Take an 8/12 x 11 inches sheet of paper and lay it vertically on a flat surface\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}2) Grab the top-left corner and fold it diagonally inwards, creating a 45 degree line at the edge of the sheet.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}3) Repeat step 2) for the top-right corner. You should now have something that looks like a rectangle joined with a triangle.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}4) Grab the top pointy corner of the triangle and fold it inwards by rotating it on its horizontal axis. You should now have something that looks like a triangle inside of a rectangle.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}5) Take the pointy corner of the triangle and fold it on its horizontal axis, creating an equilateral mini-triangle. Set a crease and then unfold it. You will see a cross form.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}6) Grab the top-left corner of the rectangle and fold it inwards, placing it at the intersection of the cross you created in step 5).\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}7) Repeat step 6) for the top-right corner of the rectangle. You should now have something that looks like the kite of a hang glider.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}8) Fold the mini-triangle inwards on its horizontal axis so that it overlaps over the folds you created in step 6 and step 7.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}9) You should now have a contraption that is symmetrical if you fold it on its vertical axis. Now fold it on its vertical axis, making sure the mini-triangle is left exposed.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}10) fold the flaps downward on their horizontal axis to create wings.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}11) voila there you have it....\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	\'95	}(</IM>)\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "\
\
Commentary: OK, this one was interesting, but if it's hard to write instructions on drawing, it's even harder to write instructions on building (see any furniture assembly instructions ever). It was pretty clear from the get-go that this would be a paper airplane when assembled but only because I've made them before. Certain instructions are not clear initially - for instance step 2 doesn't say how far inward you should fold the corner, and it's only when you read step 3 and figure out what it's saying that you realize you're supposed to fold each corner as far as half the width of the page (see the first photo). The references to rotating triangles on their axes were confusing, too. I got really confused around step 8 and am not at all sure that I assembled this correctly (see second photo). This might explain its rather disappointing flight (see video). Then again I've always been bad at paper airplanes\'85 Also it seems a shame not to indicate at least at the end that this is a paper airplane and may be thrown to glide (or crash). The instructions mention wings but that's not enough indication of the intent of the piece.\
\
3-"
\f1\fs26 \cb3 Draw a circle using only horizontal lines
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
Commentary: this one took all of 30 seconds (see photo). I sort of got at this with the first example (of making triangles out of a rounded guitar body and approaching a limit of curvature). That said, I came into this with assumptions about the context and what is meant by "horizontal lines." It occurs to me I replaced "horizontal" in my head with "straight" - not the same. I'd better do another. \'85 Well, it's an ugly circle (see second photo), but it gets the point across. Maybe it's a mistake for me to assess these instructions on how well a computer would interpret them. Any human would understand this one pretty easily, I think.\
\
4-"
\f1\fs26 \cb4 Step 1: Draw a large square on a piece paper with a pen. Mark the midpoints of each side of the square and draw the connecting lines. Step 2: Mark 4 points at 1/3 the length of the side of the new square and connect the lines. Repeat steps 1 and 2 in a loop until there is no more room to draw.\'a0 [JP]
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
Commentary: I had to get a pen out for this one. "Draw the connecting lines" is ambiguous - do I connect the adjacent points or the opposite points or both? I connected both but I think given the remaining context probably I was only supposed to connect the adjacent ones. Step 3 is a bit confusing in its phrasing - should I mark four points on each side of the new square? or is it one point on each side, for a total of four points? the latter makes more sense so I did that - but then it's smooth sailing. It did not take five minutes to run out of room - I got into a rhythm. A nice varying looping pattern. I look at the result and get a little vertigo (see picture).\
\
\
and here are the 4 sound rule sets:\
\
1-"
\f1\fs26 \cb3 Sing a pitch as high as you can.
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
Commentary: (listen to recording) Not much to say here except that it's fun and entirely subjective. An interesting spin on instructions - "do the limit, whatever that is." It taps into the capabilities of the actor.\
\
2-"
\f1\fs26 \cb3 (a)Choose a phrase you like; (b) throw the words on google translator ; [c] choose a a different language for each word; (d) record the result for the listen button (e) and record everything together. [GS]
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Commentary: (listen to recording) Actually I ran out of time on this one. Tiam ended up doing it anyway so I won't worry about it.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
3-"
\f1\fs26 \cb5 Say yeeeah! (stop) (RV)
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Commentary: (listen to recording) I thought this was interesting because it's entirely open to interpretation. Do I say "say yeah" or just "yeah"? Should there be any specific intonation or duration or pitch? Emotion? Expression? What's the context? There's non provided so I made my own. I played with the word as a sound, starting off fairly traditionally but then playing with speed and volume and pitch and also how long I could hold the word, although I didn't push that last one.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
4-"
\f1\fs26 \cb6 Record yourself singing a tone. Play it back and try to harmonize with it, recording this version this well. Repeat until you have 5 layers (MF).\'a0
\f0\fs24 \cb1 "\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Commentary: (listen to recording) I may be cheating here because I love singing and harmonizing but whatever. I used the free Multi-Track Song Recorder app for iOS. You get four channels and normally you're supposed to use headphones so when you're recording a new channel the simultaneous playback of the earlier channel recordings doesn't get picked up on the new track, BUT I need five layers (not four) and it'd be nice to have a single file. So I did not use headphones and instead basically merged each previous track into the new track along with my additional content. That way I could go back and erase old tracks, freeing up space. Hey, it's like I'm doing real audio recording!}